how about putting the constitution in classrooms?
Considering the behavior and moral (?) actions of some prominent politicians I suspect they really don’t follow their own philosophy.
Seems pretty clear cut. If schools are government funded = keep your religion at home
Isn't one of the foundations of the USA freedom of religion.
Teaching values doesn’t require religious scripture on the wall. Respect, empathy, and honesty can be taught without crossing the church-state line.
If having the 10 commandments on the wall actually worked, we would need to post it in every room in the white house.
Seriously, what Republicans follow the Ten Commandments?
A chance to spot how many commandments republicans have broken  break.
Nothing religious should be imposed in any school, neither anything contrary to it…. children go to school to learn the way this society is ruled so that they stand out better economically than those who don’t, period.
Isn’t Paxton the same guy who cheated on his wife with a mistress and almost got removed from office in part because of that affair? I am pretty sure “Thou shalt not commit adultery” is a Ten Commandments.
I am so proud of this decision. I wholeheartedly believe that this is the accurate interpretation of the constitution!
A schoolchild could tell you this outcome, the Constitution is fairly clear about this. Waste of time and resources
How about we start something better. Christians that actually follow the Bible. Wouldn't that make America great again
Like you Paxton? Hypocrite ️
Doesn’t matter if they post the Ten Commandments or not. The students will ignore them. Did when I went to school.
Separation of church and state…
1.  Do not worship Donald Trump.
2.  Don’t worship his image. 
3.  Do not wield religion like a weapon.
4.  Let people rest without calling them lazy
5.  Don’t put your parents in a nursing home
6.  Do not contribute to death. Create and honor policy that allows the most people to live the longest, happiest lives.
7.  Keep it in your pants
8.  Create a society where needs are met and theft is unnecessary.
9.  Don’t call people seeking asylum “illegal.” That is bearing false witness against your neighbor. 
10. Even though Trump and Musk lead you into temptation, do not covet material things or the belongings of shallow men. Remember God’s command to be your brother’s keeper.
What's wrong with Texas.
Very sensible. Good job!
Surprised trump didn’t block this, he has literally broken every Commandment except for Honor Thy Father and Mother.
The thing is that Abbot has broken most of those Ten Commandments, I do hope that he has them plastered all over his homes walls, the nasty tick.
Religious freedom goes back ways guys.
Good. We need education not church in the class room
Seperation of chruch and state.  This is insane. Everyday a step backward.
whole bill is stupid
It’s about time, that was disgustingly close.
If they’re not written on your heart, no wall matters. If they are, they are already ubiquitous. The word of God cannot be confined  to a wall or closed doors.
Of Texas
SMH!!!! Why would they want that in public classrooms????
Sickening
How about leading the children by  examples of TRUE Christian behavior?  
If you HYPOCRITES want to teach good morals, start revisiting the scriptures at YOUR own homes.
This has been through the courts. It doesn't take much brain power to understand. Religion is not a governmental matter.
Pulled my kids from public school in November.
Wow. We didn't see this coming..........
The GOP break their own commandments everyday️
Public schools people.
Welcome to the next episode of Handmaid's Tale, an American tragedy.
Thank god
Excellent
Church v. State
The fact Texans are voting in these officials , says a lot about the people
Great!!! Thanks to this Judge for upholding the constitution the 1 amendment is clear.
Shouldn’t be necessary to ask why.
It’s called the Constitution. The separation of church and state. The government is prohibited from endorsing or requiring any specific religion.
Why would we push on belief on all children? I thought we were built to have religious freedom? And it seemed pretty clear that government has no place in enforcing religion on anyone. I'm not saying you shouldn't teach children about religion. But If you're going to teach and bring up one religion you really need to bring them all up. Or come up with a type of commandments that are just about school and common American rules rules. Why does it have to be something written in the Bible? 

Always respect the adults and teachers and adults around you. 

I will never place my hands on other people. 

I will always clean up after myself. 

I won't ever steal. 

School is no place for lying so I will not lie. 

Etc etc.. 

I am absolutely four freedom of religion. We are already slowly losing a lot of freedoms. Granted I am Christian and I want my children to know about things like this but I do not want them to be forced to follow a religion period. Religion should be something taught at home or on free time. Not in government run classrooms.
Church and state are separate BUT the words should be in classrooms to be an example of proper behavior. Democrats think criminals are MORE important than lawful citizens. This tells you everything about CONTROLLERS.
A better idea is to show the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, that is not contraversial at all. An alternative is the USA constitution but it shows it's age.
It can help. To ones belief an how their raised.  Even just to look at .
They want to put the ten commandments in school but don't want to teach AMERICAN  history which includes slavery, jim criw etc.....smh.....
Someone did this on purpose. To use this as precedent later on.
W Texas - there might actually be some hope
To remind people of how badly Israel has broken the covenant???
But parents would rather have their kids in the street listening to king von and playing with switches
The Ten Commandments  is a gift from God for mankind . Not a political tool. Jesus said don’t mix politics and religion together. It end in disaster. The Ten Commandments belongs in Churches and Homes where parents can teach  their children about Christian faith. Not the schools. Do you  the state explains religious beliefs?
Rules for thee, but not for me. Another case of those in power trying to get us to follow rules they themselves dont follow.
Anyone who thinks teaching kids about morality is a bad idea should have zero input on raising children!
Believers are saved by grace through faith in Jesus Christ, not the Ten Commandments. 
John 3:16 
Romans 10:9-10
Well i don't disagree. 
Although i personally try not to break those laws anymore. 
But i do and or have.
WOKE NONSENSE even CHRISTIANS
It's about time !
Anyone who is a Christian trusting Jesus to have put their sins on the cross with him knows that the 10 Commandments were given so that mankind would know that they could not follow them and that they needed a savior! Good deal! These were impossible to a common man to do anyway!
I'm confused as to why large media conglomerates haven't asked these people directly: If it's such a hot-button issue with people, why not put it to a vote in November?
I'd absolutely love to see their responses
That is INSANE! Only argument I could understand would be private schools - but Jewish/ Christian/ Muslim private schools should not have any issue; and in reality, our Legal system is summarized by the 10 Commandments.

From our founding, the 10 Commandments were taught in every school (so the argument that it is against the Constitution is false, and the establishment of religion clause is that the FEDERAL Govmt shall not force a National Religion, not States-> though this wouldn’t fit under making a State Religion, either).
I'm surprised that the That real court is allowed to do that , since you enforced the bible laws. Over six hundred and fifty laws and organisms of moses plus to take amendments. The united states entirely court system is based on mosaic law. But my small town judged to the supreme court and all of those laws are of god.. It's a fact including the right to sue.. Is the federal court enforces Bible law?And how can you say they can't display it in a courtroom. Or a schoolroom. Only one of the ten commandments is not a u s law. Thou shalt not Commit false witness against a neighbor perjury. You're not allowed to perjure yourself in a federal court. Only one of the ten commandments is not enforced thou shalt not have any other guide before you. That's the only ten commandment that's not enforced by law.. Then again, all that gay stuff is the other part of the Bible following  says disobedience to god is sin . Sin Disobedience against gods Will and law is called evil. That's right simple Disobedience against god Is what The bible considers evil. You forced the other half of the bible in your classrooms Therefore you can put the good part of the bible and force it in the classroom as well. I don't know what lawyer argued this case not An intelligent one.
How about Taco man obay the 10 Commandments
The
Right on woo woo
Other things need to come down and or out of public schools as well.  
  But i think homeschooling at home or with a small groups of parents and teachers who believe and think alike is the best option.  
   Government run schools haven't really changed since indigenous kids were forced to be indoctrinated in that system.  
     The type of indoctrination changes from time to time though.
Make it illegal to display the pride flag as well. Same basis.
Excellent!
People get all upset about this, and then have no problem letting a dude change in front of their daughter's. Stop whining about separation of church and state! How about separation of the freak from your daughter? Ever thought about getting up on your high horses over that one?
the bill of right says freedom of religion, not freedom from religion
Maybe in Hebrew class
i can tell that what he's doing is pretty clear, he is doing whatever he can to boost the narrative of christianity JUST so he can make sure IF heaven is real that he gets there
If you don’t want to see it don’t look at it. I don’t want to see most of you so I don’t look at you.
So having the Ten Commandments in a classroom is wrong because it "enforces religion on children" and it apparently violates the First Amendment, but putting pride flags on the walls or having pride-related things in the classroom isn't enforcing sexuality on children?
Religion and sexual alternative lifestyles/PRIDE should not be a part of government schools.
If a bill passes.  Then its the law of the land and no judge can change the law. They will lose on appeal.
A judge may temporarily block that kids would learn morals like, no lying, cheating, stealing, or partake in immoral acts. But he will definitely have to pay the price and stand before God and explain why he is against such a lifestyle 
righteous
The state can ignore the feds.
Let me guess???!!!  A democrat judge !!!  Put the ten commandments back in the schools.  That's what's wrong with our country.  We took GOD out of everything.!!!!!
IT WILL HAPPEN IN JESUS NAME   ️
I think it’s an awesome requirement.
The 10 commandments are the foundation of America 🇺🇸
If you don't like GOD in your life, move somewhere else !!!!!
Good. But is our flag in each classroom?
Do the kids pledge allegiance anymore?

The 10 commandments is  one of the basis of our laws along with Roman law and English common law. That's where it should be taught. (Plus our natural freedoms and Constitution are influenced by native customs.)
Move out of Texas if you dont want the 10 commandments shown.  In God we Trust!
EVERY KNEE WILL BOW AND EVERY MOUTH WILL CONFESS THAT CHRIST JESUS IS LORD ️️ don’t beg GOD when you don’t make it into the kingdom
Reasoning behind it is that children should believe in Disney Land , Santa Claus, magic and fairytales but never God
I think we have to keep any religion out of all public sectors , but are the ten commandments a bad set of rules .  I don't think so , seems to me these simple rules are a common sense foundation for a good life .  The gender ideology teachings are a much more damaging issue , IMO to teach our children , and that still is implemented in some places .
I think this should be mandatory. It’s plain and simple.  Consciousness. Should take care of the rest.
ONLY OUR CREATOR GOD KNOWS OUR FINAL DESTINATION ON JUDGEMENT DAY FOLKS  ONE HUNDRED PERCENT IT'S COMING!!!!!!!!!!!!!
F. these courts. & we wonder why the country is lost.
What's the problem with the ten commandments being displayed in public schools this is another woke atheist judge and he needs to be removed from the bench immediately
